Docs: Fix intro to timeseries URL (#25530)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/data-frames.md

A data frame with at least one time field is considered a _time series_.

> For more information on time series, refer to our [Introduction to time series](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/getting-started/timeseries/#introduction-to-time-series).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on time series, refer to our [Introduction to time series]({{< relref "../../getting-started/timeseries.md" >}}).
```

This is an internal link, so we should the relref shortcode. That way, broken links like this get caught when building the docs.
